you know I mentioned Columbus Day at the
top of the show Columbus is I think of
all the historical figures as George
Washington there's Lincoln and Columbus
might be the third that we learned the
most about in elementary school so
people should know who he is right and
there's a lot going on in the country so
we decided to combine two of the big
things going on right now we went out on
the streets afternoon we asked people
what they thought about Christopher
Columbus being nominated to the Supreme
Court now and here's how that went
[Music]
do you agree with Congress's
controversial decision to confirm Donald
Trump's nominee Christopher Columbus to
the Supreme Court and why do you like
like really really long ago in the past
right like like how long ago in the past
some say it's like feels like five
hundred years probably right do you
agree with Congress's controversial
decision to confirm Donald Trump's
nominee Christopher Columbus to the
Supreme Court I mean sometimes you just
like you know like it's hard to question
suit like it's a hard case study but
like what are you gonna do about it in
your opinion do you think the fact that
Christopher Columbus discovered America
should keep him off the Supreme Court
I would say yes but I don't really know
why the reasoning would be you neither
either oh I mean we've been celebrating
Columbus for how many years now so it
really doesn't matter to me
so because we've celebrate him for so
long you think it's okay for him to sit
on the Supreme Court yeah yep who do you
think would make a better Supreme Court
justice
Trump's nominee Christopher Columbus or
Obama's nominee Marco Polo and why do
you think Marco Polo would be a better
Supreme Court I just feel like he
probably knows he's like more relevant
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on